README.md, before:

# Sherpa Boilerplate
A SCSS-flavored, Twitter Bootstrap-based boilerplate for developing WordPress themes.

## Current Version
2.4

## Introduction
When I think of a Sherpa, I think of the locals that help visitors get to the top of Mount Everest.  They carry the gear up most of the way, helping the expedition out tremendously.

This is the concept of Sherpa.  It's a boilerplate theme that is built to help you get to the top faster.  Its origins are from the work of building many websites, realizing that the same pieces were being used over and over, and starting to collect the pieces into one boilerplate theme.

## Description
Sherpa is based on Twitter Bootstrap with some FontAwesome thrown in.  It's also set up to use Typekit, though we can use other font services if requested.

Sherpa was originally intended to be used with [Codekit](https://incident57.com/codekit/), an excellent compiler for SCSS as well as Javascript, among other things.  If you are not going to be using Codekit, you will need to adjust inc/scripts.php to reflect the fact that you are not using main-ck.js.

Sherpa is not meant to be an end-all; it is meant to be a start-all.

## Frameworks and Dependencies
* Twitter Bootstrap (SCSS) - v3.3.6
* FontAwesome - v4.5.0
* WooCommerce - v2.3.10

## Documentation
We have started working on documentation [in the wiki area](https://github.com/agims/sherpa/wiki).

Commit message:

Update to v2.4.1 Update to make all default full-width columns use a constant so that if you change the default number of columns it doesn’t throw off the layout.

README.md, after:

# Sherpa Boilerplate
A SCSS-flavored, Twitter Bootstrap-based boilerplate for developing WordPress themes.

## Current Version
2.4.1

## Introduction
When I think of a Sherpa, I think of the locals that help visitors get to the top of Mount Everest.  They carry the gear up most of the way, helping the expedition out tremendously.

This is the concept of Sherpa.  It's a boilerplate theme that is built to help you get to the top faster.  Its origins are from the work of building many websites, realizing that the same pieces were being used over and over, and starting to collect the pieces into one boilerplate theme.

## Description
Sherpa is based on Twitter Bootstrap with some FontAwesome thrown in.  It's also set up to use Typekit, though we can use other font services if requested.

Sherpa was originally intended to be used with [Codekit](https://incident57.com/codekit/), an excellent compiler for SCSS as well as Javascript, among other things.  If you are not going to be using Codekit, you will need to adjust inc/scripts.php to reflect the fact that you are not using main-ck.js.

We are now including a gulp file so that if you are using gulp and all its goodness you can use Sherpa without a hitch.  Note that it does require [Compass](http://compass-style.org) to be installed (as well as [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/), [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/), and [gulp-compass](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-compass)).

Sherpa is not meant to be an end-all; it is meant to be a start-all.

## Frameworks and Dependencies
* Twitter Bootstrap (SCSS) - v3.3.6
* FontAwesome - v4.5.0
* WooCommerce - v2.3.10

## Documentation
We have started working on documentation [in the wiki area](https://github.com/agims/sherpa/wiki), though it is **very much** still under construction.
